- [Instructor] Everything should be in place now
for us to run and test this complete picture.
And we're going to do that by testing
all of the flows and looking at all the functionality
of the forms based authentication that we've just created.
So let's do that.
So, one thing to note before I start this up
is the whole logout process
by clearing the browser window is now gone.
We no longer have to worry about that.
Let's start up our web application.
Let's jump into a browser.
I'm going to go ahead and refresh.
You'll see that we have a login button at the top right.
And we created that in the header.
But before we test that functionality,
let's jump into one of our protected pages
and you'll see that it automatically
redirects us to the login page.
If I click orders, it does the same thing.
If I go back to customers, once again,
it does the same thing.
So let's log in as our user,
and it remembers where you clicked.
So it knows to redirect you back to customer.
We did nothing to make that happen.
That happens all on its own.
So let's test that our authorizations are still in place.
So let's click details,
and you'll see that we have no order details
for this person.
And if we go to orders,
we still get our 403.
Great, let's log out.
And you'll see that we now see our logout message
because it has now sent us to login question mark logout
in the URL,
which told it that you've been logged out of the flow.
So go ahead and display that message.
Now that's a great time for us to test our other message.
So let's type in an invalid username and password.
So we will create a user of Foo with a password of Bar.
Invalid username and password.
Let's just double check.
We'll put in admin, but we will put FOOBARBAZ.
Still invalid username and password.
This time let's do it correctly.
And log in with admin and password.
Takes us back to the landing page
because we had gone through a logout flow.
Good, and click customers and details.
We see the order details.
We can go to orders and see them.
And once again, we can log out.
Now, the only thing that we haven't tested so far
is going straight to login.
So let's do that now.
So we'll click on login.
As you would expect, it takes us to the login page.
Click admin and password.
Takes us back to the homepage,
but now we've logged in.
And you can see, we go to customers.
We go to orders, everything looks like we would expect.